Substantial parts of this work (the computer program main.js, written in the JavaScript programming language, and used in two different places in this repository as js/main.js and en/js/main.js) have been authored by Dan Șerban and are licensed under CC-BY-NC, the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.0 Generic License. The license is available in full [here](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/). The license comes with a few clarifications by the program's author, as to what constitutes commercial intent and what doesn't, listed below.

Important note: the CC-BY-NC license (with clarifications) applies to the lines of code in this work (hereinafter called "the program" or "this program"), which have been authored by Dan Șerban. The distinction of which person authored which lines of code can be made using well-understood technical means called "git blame". Lines of code that have not been authored by Dan Șerban are not subject to this license.

This program is one of two main software infrastructure components of a data platform for a data-driven website.

The program may not be used to process data that will be presented on a website where the site visitor is forced to view corporate logos and/or other corporate branding related imagery without the site visitor's explicit consent. The site visitor's experience with the corporate logos / branding related imagery should not be opt-out (install ad blocker to make the imagery disappear). It should be opt-in (if and when the site visitor chooses - of their own free will - to visit a single page that is specifically dedicated to hosting corporate logos and/or branding related imagery and/or marketing information, i.e. the page which is typically called the sponsors page). The program may only be used to generate data for a website that falls within this latter case (the opt-in case).

In more human-readable terms, corporate logos placed in an obnoxious, in-your-face manner constitutes commercial intent and means you may not use this program; and corporate logos confined to a single (opt-in) sponsors page does not constitute commercial intent and means you do have the author's permission to use this program.

