This work (the computer program synchronize_statistics.py, written in the Python programming language) has been authored by Dan Șerban and is licensed under CC-BY-NC, the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.0 Generic License. The license is available in full [here](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/). The license comes with a few clarifications by the program's author, as to what constitutes commercial intent and what doesn't, listed below.

This program is one of two main software infrastructure components of a data platform for a data-driven website.

The program may not be used to process data that will be presented on a website where the site visitor is forced to view corporate logos and/or other corporate branding related imagery without the site visitor's explicit consent. The site visitor's experience with the corporate logos / branding related imagery should not be opt-out (install ad blocker to make the imagery disappear). It should be opt-in (if and when the site visitor chooses - of their own free will - to visit a single page that is specifically dedicated to hosting corporate logos and/or branding related imagery and/or marketing information, i.e. the page which is typically called the sponsors page). The program may only be used to generate data for a website that falls within this latter case (the opt-in case).

In more human-readable terms, corporate logos placed in an obnoxious, in-your-face manner constitutes commercial intent and means you may not use this program; and corporate logos confined to a single (opt-in) sponsors page does not constitute commercial intent and means you do have the author's permission to use this program.

